I am in one of the highest wind parks in Europe.
Look! Are not they great?
Maybe you do not realize it, but actually,
when the clouds pass over, that it is so high
that it creates a shadow on the cloud as it passes by.
But the reason why I am here is because you may not know,
that's why,
if it is windy wind farms are not always on.
And there are a number of reasons
One, is that windmills are not built for such extreme wind forces.
Above 80-90 km / h it starts to become dangerous
and this beauty could go broke.
So they brake it at high wind speeds
and he stops turning,
Because the amount of energy you would lose by doing that
is much less than the number of energy that you would constantly lose
if you should build this thing
to be able to wind against hurricane force.
The other reason is that the national electricity grid
can not stand that so much energy
produced.
There are no gigantic storage batteries
that can hold the all incoming power.
So what happens;
if the demand is low
then they turn off the ones
that are easy to switch off.
And if the demand rises again,
then they switch on these and hydroelectric power stations again
to deal with direct demand.
Nuclear, coal, gas
are much harder to turn off,
and to turn back on.
And therefore, the national power grid keeps us balanced at 50 Hertz--
50 cycles per second, 60 in America, 50 in Britain--
by checking installations like this,
and switch them on and off
when it is needed.
And that is something you may not have known.
[Translation by Community]